This zip archive contains data files from Cricsheet in JSON format. This
archive contains 14 recently added matches.


The JSON data files contained in this zip file are version 1.0.0, and 1.1.0
files. You can learn about the structure of these files at
https://cricsheet.org/format/json/


You can find the available downloads at https://cricsheet.org/downloads/, and
you can find the most up-to-date version of this zip file at
https://cricsheet.org/downloads/recently_added_2_json.zip


The matches contained in this zip archive are listed below. The first field is
the start date of the match (for test matches or other multi-day matches), or
the actual date (for all other types of match). The second is the type of
teams involved, whether 'club', or 'international'. The third is the type of
match, either Test, ODI, ODM, T20, IT20, MDM, or a club competition code (such
as IPL). The 4th field is the gender of the players involved in the match. The
5th field is the id of the match, and the remainder of the line shows the
teams involved in the match.


2023-11-10 - international - ODI - male - 1384433 - Afghanistan vs South Africa
2023-11-10 - club - WBB - female - 1387203 - Sydney Thunder vs Melbourne Stars
2023-11-10 - club - WBB - female - 1387204 - Sydney Sixers vs Hobart Hurricanes
2023-11-10 - international - ODI - female - 1405126 - Pakistan vs Bangladesh
2023-11-09 - international - ODI - male - 1384432 - Sri Lanka vs New Zealand
2023-11-09 - club - WBB - female - 1387202 - Perth Scorchers vs Brisbane Heat
2023-11-08 - international - ODI - male - 1384431 - England vs Netherlands
2023-11-08 - club - WBB - female - 1387199 - Sydney Sixers vs Melbourne Stars
2023-11-08 - club - WBB - female - 1387200 - Melbourne Renegades vs Adelaide Strikers
2023-11-07 - international - ODI - male - 1384430 - Afghanistan vs Australia
2023-11-07 - international - ODI - female - 1405125 - Bangladesh vs Pakistan
2023-11-06 - club - SSH - male - 1391780 - Western Australia vs New South Wales
2023-11-06 - club - SSH - male - 1391781 - South Australia vs Queensland
2023-11-05 - club - SSH - male - 1391779 - Tasmania vs Victoria
